> [!warn] Warning!
> My bindings are nonstandard, they are mostly a port of default i3 bindings that I have gotten used to. They are suited to a French AZERTY keyboard. I do *not* recommand that you copy-paste the contents of `hyprland.conf`, in particular because the workspace bindings are impossible (or very unpractical) to make with a QWERTY keyboard.

# Steps to recreate this rice
1. Hyprland config
The aesthetic choices that I have made are in the `general` `decoration` and `group` sections of the config.
2. DMS config
I use Dank Material Shell as my bar, power menu and control panel. I have done all of the configuration through the GUI ; I included the settings.json file for completeness but you can also recreate it yourself. Only the following facts are of importance :  
- Wallpaper : the source file is in the repo.
- Color scheme : generated by Matugen with the Content scheme.
3. Rofi
I use rofi as my menu, and also this [rofi-zotero](https://github.com/hanschen/rofi-zotero) script to browse through my PDF library. I am using the [same rofi themes as everyone else](https://github.com/adi1090x/rofi), I included my `colors.rasi` file with the colorscheme I use.
4. Themes for some apps and websites
    1. Kitty (terminal)
    My `kitty.conf` is a port of the Everforest Light colorscheme.
    2. VSCode
    I use the Everforest Light theme.
    3. Zathura
    I recolor PDFs to match my theme in `zathurarc`. 
    4. Obsidian
    I use the Minimal theme in the e-ink colorscheme with some tweaks. These tweaks can be reproduced by using the .json file produced by the Style Settings plugin and the .css snippets I wrote.
    5. Websites
    I use Firefox with Everforest Light theme and the Stylus extension, which allows you to write additional CSS for websites. I have written CSS for Wikipedia (I also use the Modern Wikipedia extension), ncatlab and Github.
